hey guys this is a customized reach
bringing you a halo 3 remake video of
all the maps remade on reach this is an
amplified remake done by Ronnie creeps
it's pretty ballin map he was really
good i like to have a fight a lot back
in halo 3 is a very asymmetrical map no
it was a very symmetrical map yeah I say
that all the time other videos for
whatever very symmetrical map it's a
great map it was gone MLG on halo 3 and
I think it'd be pretty good for reach to
it plays out pretty well on our reach as
well with the DMR's so it's a pretty
good map and i recommend like
downloading this and actually playing it
with like a bunch of people i was like a
costume game or something because i
think it'd be basically the same as hail
through so i think i'm gonna give this a
5 out of 5 so good job Ronnie creeps and
here's on to our next this is going to
be on narrows remake as you can tell and
it was done by Fame 28 he also did a
really good job I love narrows to is an
also very symmetrical map I think it's
gonna be very for reach to the sides are
switch for some reason man cameras on
the opposite side that's the only
difference MLG swans are the same flag
flag spawn like four objectives are the
same and everything so this map is also
pretty well done it's pretty good for
for MLG on halo 3 as well as on this map
so I want to be surprised if you play
this with a bunch of your friend and
have a good time to everything the same
the spawns of the same this map comes
with MLG spawns oh it's on the bottom I
think that's a when responding and
snipers on the back walls on bottom it'd
so I'm going to give a famous five out
of five on this is very well done and i
recommend you downloading this map as
well it's really fun on to the next this
is going to be a construct remake this
one is done by oh sick and sanity oh
it's also pretty well done a little less
than the others um it's it's also pretty
good map in
general virility I don't know how good
it be four reach the lifts are a little
um little janky a little different than
they were in Halo 3 of course so I think
this would be more of a mat for bungee
to come back and remake instead of a
forge world map so I have a couple
questions for you guys too i am i'm
pretty new with Pinnacle Studio that's
what I'm doing that at most of these
videos pinnacle studio 12 not ultimate
just regular so I was wondering if any
of you knew how to make like an intro
for for your video or anything like that
any good tips that can make my video
better using pinnacle studio so like I
said this is a pretty well done that for
construct and I'm going to give this one
a four out of five though because i
think you have just done a little bit
better but if you could help me out with
the pinnacle studio stuff like really
cool na burea any of your ideas would be
really helpful so i'll just see you
later tube thanks for thanks for all the
views and adios